# Hackcbs Project
This project is for the Hackcbs Hackathon.
 
Project Contributors:
* Ashutosh Baunthiyal
* Karan Kartikeya
* Priyanshu Bist

### ABOUT THE PROJECT: 
This is a portal designed to help aspiring students excel and grow in their respective fields by providing them with the best educational material and tools. The main focus of this application is to give students the advanced tools to get and give knowledge to each other in a friendly and interactive environment. A snippet share feature will help them share their code with each other for better understanding. A world chats with different channels. A practice quiz generation feature that will generate questions from given text files or PDFs using machine learning.
The current project has been able to provide only two features that are: Edu Quiz and World Chat. The upcoming feature is Snip & share which will allow the users to share snippets of code of different languages using secret codes generated by each user.

### FEATURES: 
* Edu Quiz: This is a smart Quiz Generator that generates a dynamic quiz from any uploaded text/PDF document using NLP. This can be used for self-analysis, question paper generation, and evaluation, thus reducing human effort. 
* World Chat: This is a Twilio communications-based feature that offers students to learn in public and ask doubts related to the various topics according to the channels

### WHAT WE LEARNED:
We learned a lot of new things such as:
1. Work-time Management 
2. Integration of Twilio for authentication and World Chat 
3. Using NLTK and NLP for the first time in a live project.
4. Integrating React in frontend and Python in the backend and also using HTML, CSS as our frontend team member had the knowledge of that only.

### CONTRIBUTION OF TEAM: 
1. ASHUTOSH BAUNTHIYAL: FRONTEND DEVELOPER (Developed the Authentication page and dashboard)
2. KARAN KARTIKEYA: BACKEND DEVELOPER (Integrated the Twilio communications service and machine learning in the world chat and Edu Quiz respectively)
3. PRIYANSHU BIST: FRONTEND DEVELOPER (Developed the Quiz and world chat page)

### UPCOMING UPDATES:
The updates would cover enhancements in the world chat. The UI would be made more interactive and easy to use for the students.
